(ViVi is back to LOOΠΔ 1/3’s android ViVi)
ViVi: I have to run soon
ViVI: So I have to prepare it
ViVi: Even though I’m not good at running…
ViVi: I was running a little faster last time
ViVi: However I’m poor at running for a long time
ViVi: I’m really bad at it
ViVi: Just for a short time?
ViVi: Maybe...
ViVi: A minute?
ViVi: About 1 minute?
(She’s trying her best to run like an android, although she’s not the type of a long-distance runner)
ViVi: There’s no sun in the sky, however it’s hotter than I expected
ViVi: You can’t see it, but it’s hot
ViVi: So my bangs are stuck to my face
ViVi: I had bangs before I started running
ViVi: However when I started running, they were gone.